hey guys so I have another video through
my phone today I'm supposed to get my
computer back tomorrow but it is a mini
haul of the new Serena OPI Grand Slam
duos I got the spark to triumph and
white shatter as well as the rally
pretty pink in Red shatter so i'll just
show you guys swatches of these and just
a demo of the white and the red shatter
over each of these colors as well as
some white and black and then that's it
i also have some swatches of silver
shatter over some rainbow of well not
rainbow but some other colors as well so
you guys can see what it looks like over
a non sparkling nail polish so yeah that
is it and I will get started so first
I'm just going to show you what the
silver shatter looks like over the other
colors that I had on here you guys
definitely did make a good point that
was really hard to see over the sparkly
that I had over my nails um in the
original silver shadow video and even
though I said that you know some people
still commented on it anyway so I
decided what to show you guys what
looked like over just a series of cream
nail polish colors no sparkle in the
polish the base polishes at all and just
what the silver shatter looks like on
top this is over a red this is over an
orange just all cream colors over a
yellow I feel like it looks the best
over yellow but that's just my opinion
it's like a light green turquoise a
light blue medium blue purple a pink see
if I can focus that one a little bit
better a light pink a white and a black
so I definitely I feel like it looks the
best over yellow the yellow pops through
a lot better than some of the other
colors but again it kind of just depends
on what you like when I get my computer
back i'll be posting pictures of this in
my blog up close picture so you guys can
see them a lot better but
that's just a brief view of what they
look like over cream colors first so
really quickly before I start this demo
I'll just show you the swatches of what
the serena polishes look like this one
right here is from the spark de triomphe
duo and it's called spark de triomphe
obviously and this is what the Polish
looks like in the bottle let's see if I
can focus on the bottle and not make it
really blurry so it's just a really
really shimmery white gold nail polish I
don't know it's probably harder to see
with my hand over here blocking the
light but yeah there you go that's what
it looks like very eye-catching very
glitzy very pretty and then um this
swatch right here is from the rally
pretty pink do a pack and it is called
rally pili pretty pink and it's a purple
base with like a lot of gold shimmer in
it so that is that's what the bottle
looks like right there so yeah I am just
going to do the shatters that they came
with over these two colors so you guys
can see a spark de Triomphe came with
the white shatter this is what the white
shattered it looks like with the shatter
pattern right there and it just looks
like a white nail polish so I'll start
with that over sparked a tree on which
is a band right there if you hear noise
in the background that's a hockey game
going on I know you guys hate that but
that's just what's gonna happen so
there's a nice thick coat of the white
shatter on top of spark de Triomphe
and while that's drying I'm going to go
ahead and go in with some red shatter
which looks like that and I'm going to
put it over the rally pretty pink
so that was a pretty decent amount of
polish on there and now we just wait for
it to dry I will do it over some black
as you can see there and some white nail
polish as well so you guys can see what
the red looks like over the black and
white and what the white looks like over
the black so with the the two shatters
like the black shatter and the silver
shatter if you put a top coat over it
it'll look more glossy than it does
right now especially the red it doesn't
look as shiny as it could so if you put
a top coat over it it'll look a little
bit better these two look like they're
pretty much done shattering so you can
see that the white one I put quite a bit
on there so the shatter isn't as PC as
the red one but the red one since it was
a thinner coat you can see that it
shattered a little bit better I'll lift
that up see you guys gonna see it focus
so it's not gonna focus it's not gonna
focus anymore than that so I'm sorry but
um we'll just do some white over here on
this and some red will go on the other
side let's just do some white first this
is white shatter over just a black nail
polish
and then I'm going to go over here and
just do some red shatter over black and
white while the white is drying on the
other side
so obviously you can see that the red is
not a very opaque red it's more of a
Jelly red so it's not going to show up
over darker colors as well as lighter
colors I mean you can kind of see the
red just a little bit if you put a lot
on but it's really not going to show up
it's not opaque enough since it's more
of a jelly finished to do that and I
believe they did that just so that the
shimmer of the rally pretty pink nail
polish will come through the shatter but
it works really nicely over white so if
you wanted a red chatter I suggest again
doing it over a lighter color instead of
a darker cream color this red since
again it's a jelly will probably look
really nice over some other softer
shimmer colors as well let's check back
on the white from before that's what the
white shatter looks like over black so
it's pretty opaque um like I thought
it'd be and it's shattering pretty well
so that is the chatter demo for you guys
I'll just go back to these to these are
the original two swatches I hope you
guys are doing well if you have any
questions comment below and I will see
you guys soon